Okay,
guys.
And welcome back to another student.
Questions answered.
And this one's from Pascal.
Now,
what Pascal wants is he was the have a workbook like this one,
just here with a button.
And when you hit the button,
a little input box will pop up and the user will type something to search for now when they
hit.
Okay,
What we want to do is go to another sheet that could have multiple tamps.
And here we have butchers,
bakers and candlestick makers.
But you can have as many times as you want on search for the value that the user just
entered.
So let's have a look at the code.
How you do that?
Sorry.
Before I move on,
there are two files to download from this lecture.
Sq a Pascal data set.
And that's this.
Butchers make his candlestick makers file on this one.
The pascal run me from here near find sheet one and also the code in here.
So just paste that into a regular module and you'll be able to see this An operation for
yourself.
Okay,
so it's gonna minimize that and reject these little bits so we can see everything in Here
we go.
Right.
This is the code.
It's called sub.
Find me.
Now.
What I've done is I've set up a couple of variables.
It's up.
My search is just going to hold the value from the uses inputs of the input box.
An ex is a simple cancer that we're gonna come to down here.
So let's step through this.
So f eight most search equals input box,
please.
And a value be bellow.
So let's pick Terek for tear ary enter.
So no,
we're gonna activate sq a Paschal data set.
That's this file over here.
So f eight that's activated range a one select possibly not necessary.
But I always like to start from NJ one.
Now,
this is where our loop comes in.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna loop from one to the number of sheets in this workbook.
So it doesn't matter if we have 1000 sheets in this workbook.
This will get a rate through them all.
So his are for and here's our next.
No,
because if we can't find a value a match on the first sheet,
we're going together.
An era that would cause our cult code to stop.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna force continuation by saying a nera resume next.
Don't worry.
We have a way to check to see if we found a match a little later on,
so an era resume.
Next.
Select the sheet bites in next number.
So as we rely first passed through this Loop X is one.
So therefore,
on the first situation,
we're looking at the first sheet butchers.
Now this is just copied straight out of a control and f find recorded macro.
The only difference is I've replaced the value that would have been in here with my search
,
which is a string we just captured.
So f eight,
step through and you can see there that we have found Terek on the first sheet.
Now here's that test I was talking about.
What we're gonna do is we're going to use an in string function to see if the value of my
search Tareq Isse found within the active cell values of the in string search for that
value inside of that value.
So it doesn't have to be a complete match.
It just needs to find whatever is in here somewhere in the active cell value.
Phoebe text compare means its case insensitive.
So if I have found a match,
then end F eight and and we're done.
Okay,
so that's how it works.
If it finds a match on the first sheet,
I actually know that things from the other sheep.
So let's step through that on.
Let's say covenant and trust me,
this is going to work,
So I'm just going to step through now.
We're on sheet one.
Are we going to find it here?
We're not going to find it.
So we're going to move down to our next X loop through,
and then we're going to go to our next iteration,
which is number two bakers.
Can we find in Baker's?
No,
we can't loop through Make sex Candlestick makers.
And from there we confined Covent Garden Candle Company.
I have found a match,
therefore end now that works perfectly as long as the matches found somewhere in there.
But what we need to do is do something.
If it gets past this point and it hasn't found a match,
and that's going to be straightforward.
It's just a message box.
Sorry,
my search.
That's the value of my search was not found in any shape.
Phoebe.
Okay,
only no match.
So let's just run that.
The search for something that's not in there.
Let's search for Jarvis.
On they go.
It went through butchers,
bakers,
candlestick makers.
And it could not find a Mac,
so no match.
Sorry.
Jarvis was not found in any sheet.
Okay?
And then the code finishes.
Okay.
I hope that helps,
as always,
if you have any questions.
Just dropped me a note and they'll be happy to help.
Have a great day.
Thanks very much.